feat(allow-scripts): add a check command to warn an update is needed in CI (#1964)
LavaMoat/lavamoat: packages/allow-scripts/README.md

allow-scripts list
```

### Check

> Exits 1 if the allowlist needs maintenance. Useful for CI to avoid running all tests on an installation that's missing results of lifecycle scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`allow-scripts check` will exit with code `1` if the allowlist needs maintenance. This is useful to short-circuit CI on an installation that's missing results of lifecycle scripts.
```
